console: display line number that error originated from in GraphQL editor (close #4849) (#4942)
hasura/graphql-engine: CHANGELOG.md

- console: support tracking partitioned tables (close #5071) (#5258)
- console: add button to cancel one-off scheduled events and cron-trigger events (close #5161) (#5236)
- console: handle generated and identity columns in console data section (close #4552, #4863) (#4761)

> - console: display line number that error message originated from in custom types editor (#4849)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- console: display line number that error originated from in GraphQL editor (close #4849) (#4942)
```
